# Public Key Exchange System

This project consists of two Python scripts that allow public 
keys to be exchanged between two hosts. One script (server.py) 
serves as a server that sends the public key of a specified 
user to any clients that connect. The other script (client.py) 
is a client that connects to the server, retrieves the public key, 
and saves it to the authorized_keys file in the .ssh directory.

## Usage
First, start the server on the host that is sharing its public key:

````bash
python3 server.py <username>
````

Replace <username> with the username of the user for which you 
want to share the public key. The server will start and listen 
for incoming connections at port 1993.

On the client side, you can run:

````bash
python3 client.py <username> <server_ip> <server_port>
````
Replace <username> with the username for which you want to save 
received public key, <server_ip> with the IP address of the server, 
and <server_port> with the port number of the server. The client 
connects to the server, retrieves the public key, and saves it to 
the authorized_keys file in the .ssh directory.

## Prerequisites
Both scripts are written in Python 3 and do not require any additional 
packages. They use the standard socket, argparse, os, signal, and sys 
libraries.

Please make sure that the user running the client has necessary 
permissions to write to the .ssh directory.

## Notes
The server script handles SIGINT signals (generated by e.g. Ctrl+C), 
and it cleanly shuts down the server. The client script saves the 
server's public key to the authorized_keys file in the .ssh directory. 
It will create this directory if it doesn't exist.

The public key is assumed to be at ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub for the specified 
user on the server side. If this file does not exist or is not accessible, 
the server script will print an error and exit.